c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.exe.config
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\obj\Debug\Botcoin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.exe
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.DataStore.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Shared.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Strategy.Arbitrarge1.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.DataStore.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Shared.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Strategy.Arbitrarge1.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\obj\Debug\Botcoin.exe
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\obj\Debug\Botcoin.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\CCXSharp.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\CCXSharp.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Cinch.WPF.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\MEFedMVVM.WPF.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.pdb
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.xml
c:\users\iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.pdb
C:\Users\Iceman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.Bitstamp.dll
C:\Users\Iceman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.Bitstamp.pdb
C:\Users\Iceman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.BTCMarkets.dll
C:\Users\Iceman\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.BTCMarkets.pdb
