c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.pdb
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Shared.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Botcoin.Shared.pdb
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\obj\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\obj\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\obj\Debug\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox.pdb
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\CCXSharp.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\CCXSharp.pdb
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Cinch.WPF.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\MEFedMVVM.WPF.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.pdb
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.xml
c:\Users\Iceman\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Botcoin\Botcoin.Adapters.MtGox\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.pdb
